add / update proposal creation docs (#269)
ArbitrumFoundation/governance: docs/submit_a_proposal.md

# Submit a Core Proposal Via Tally

> Before a proposal can be submitted, its action contrats must be deployed, its JSON data must be prepared, and the it must  pass the simulation tests. See [here](../src/gov-action-contracts/README.md) for details on those steps. 

Reviewer: do we want to link to this doc instead?
```suggestion
Before a proposal can be submitted, its action contrats must be deployed, its JSON data must be prepared, and the it must  pass the simulation tests. See [here](./creating-a-proposal.md) for details on those steps. 
```

## Submitting A Core Proposal
- **Start create proposal** Navigate to https://www.tally.xyz/gov/arbitrum and click "Create new proposal".
- **Governor Selection** 
    - Select the "Arbitrum Core" governor. 
- **Proposal Title / Description** 
    - Give the proposal a title and description; the title and description may be similar to the title and description in the corresponding snapshot post, tho adding additional info to the description at this stage may be appropriate. 
- **Proposal Action**: 
    1. Select`Add Action` and then `Custom Action`
    1. In the `Enter the Target Address` Field" use `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000064` (the ArbSys precompile).
    1. In the `Contract method` dropdown, select `sendTxToL1`.
    1. For the `destination` address field, use the [l1ArbitrumTimelock](https://etherscan.io/address/0xE6841D92B0C345144506576eC13ECf5103aC7f49#readProxyContract) address (`0xE6841D92B0C345144506576eC13ECf5103aC7f49`) as provided in the proposal JSON data.
    1. For the `data` bytes field, use the `calldata` bytes in the proposal JSON data. 

>     1. Unless the proposals requires value to send (which is unusual) set 0 in the `value` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Unless the proposal requires value to send (which is unusual) set 0 in the `value` field.
```
